OK so let's add the slider so we can use to react to Slick's later and we can have a lot of documentation
for this.
If you used react this six letter from J Querrey that same idea.
So first what we need to do we need to import the slider from re-act slept.
So I'm going to say import and then slider from and then react like it's going to be re-act slick BRIGA.
So now if we check the documentation there react slider uses some settings right here whenever we trigger
the slider.
We can do this right now but before that to to show the slider is going to use is going to use some
some success you know so what do we need to do.
We need to grab all of this right here and just add it in South inside index over have right here.
And just going to copy and paste.
So that is the only thing we need right now.
So I'm just going to close this.
Just go back and go back to featured.
Now what do we need to do.
We're calling this featured component and we are receiving props.
So now what we need to do we need to trigger a kind of a function and just loop.
This prompts you're receiving.
So I'm going to I'm going to just the lead slider and I get a call to a function that is going to be
called generate slides generated slides.
This one is going to be passing the props that we are receiving right here.
Now I'm going to go just right here.
On top of feature and I'm just going to call to this function you're going to stored inside of our will
and this one is going to receive some props.
And then just run that function get.
Right.
So since we're passing props the slides are going to be available inside Propst dot slides.
If I just inspect this and go to the council we have here it's props sleights.
And then the data.
I don't want to do this I don't want to do is just access directly to slides since I'm passing probs.
I'm going to make use of these structuring and enter the slides.
That's good.
Looks nice.
Now whenever we just come into this component the feature first props is going to be empty.
So if we map over ED going to get an error.
So what are you going to do.
Going to go right here and create a conditional and we all we've all read this and I'm going to check
if it's sleights it's empty and if it's not we're going to run the map now to use the slick slider.
Well the first thing we need to do.
Just like reactor's incisions group same idea.
We need to wrap everything inside a component that is going to be called slider.
So OK.
Since we want to return something.
I'm going to return something.
But the first thing we need to do is to call this slider slider right.
The slider is going to take some settings.
If I go right here and check the data we can detect some settings and we start slider and then we pass
the sayings you know whenever we use this is kind of up right here in the settings we have dots through
for example.
So this is equal to doing darts equal and then just passing through or whatever.
It's the same idea.
The only thing is that we are doing it like this with this spread operator and it looks better.
So I'm just going to delete all this and I'm going to go right here and create some settings that we
need to use for the slider.
So I'm going to say Kunst and settings settings.
Now the settings are going to be it's going to be an object and you can have a lot of settings.
You can have the arrows.
And this one is going to be false.
We don't want arrows you know when the slider starts you can have the arrows in the left and the right.
But we don't want that.
We have the option to use darts by default is true but we're going to set it to False.
We don't want we want it to be infinite.
So I'm going to say infinite
go infinite and this one is going to be true.
Right.
So we want to speed the speed is going to be 500.
You know the speed of the transition.
And then you have two default settings.
It's going to be slides to show.
And then one you know I really kind of don't know what this does but the added on the settings I just
added it is going to be slides to scroll one you can get rid of this and check what's happening.
It's not really good really well documented.
OK.
We're going to grab the settings and since we want to pass all these attributes inside slider what are
we going to do.
Going to use the rest.
Operator.
Just open and close curly braces and do dot dot dot and settings.
And of course it's going to grab the settings and just pass it right here.
So everything kind of looks nice.
Now we need to map overhead because we didn't have data so well it's not going to work because we didn't
have anything inside slides.
So that's why it's giving us an error message.
Now I'm going to go right here and start doing this now.
Whenever we use something like this we need to pass the data right here and a different way.
And what we need to do we need to wrap everything inside collar braces and here I'm going to call this
the slides and I'm going to map over it.
Now each map takes an image function.
So I'm going to do open the the apprentice's then just a function.
All right this function.
Of course this map is going to take an item and what are we going to do in every terms and GSX.
So I'm just going to oh sorry.
If you want to return x we say return OK.
And this is going to return pretty much all the slides.
So I'm going to create a div.
And if you're He should be working.
OK.
So we get no errors.
So that is good.
So if I say slide
the slide key word right here and if we move it you know it's working again.
So let's do the all the mark of this all the GSX for each iteration.
And whenever we use a map we need a key so I'm going to say key and the key is going to be available
inside each element inside Jason.
We have the ID of each slide.
So we going to use that one.
Let me just save this one.
OK.
We're going to use the key and it's going to be item dot ID.
So we're going to add a class name to this.
It's going to be class name and the class name is going to be item underscore the slider.
Now we can add an image as a background image to these to this element.
So what are we going to do.
We're going to say style and two and inline styles in GSX need to wrap everything inside curly braces
and then two curly braces I'm going to say background.
It's just it's a CSSA style back ground and back ground Burguet and we get to pass the values as with
tactics.
It's going to be template strings.
So we get everything the image the cover for this is going to be inside your L inside images the images
directory and then covers.
And then for Slash and we make reference to the data we have right here inside cover which is going
to cover one.
OK.
So a door or whatever currency and then item that cover.
Let's get.
Looks nice.
So now what we need to do we need to know we can have it.
We need to add some styles.
The image is there.
It's just one pixel.
So when I'm going to do.
I'm going to add the caption right here we have some text with the title and then just a user.
Sorry it's the topic.
So I'm going to go and create a new section on you and that is going to contain this captions.
So I'm going to say class name.
Close.
And this one is going to be caption class caption but we have to have an age for it if you remember
we added styles for 8:04 this one because we can to use it right now can be item and then topic OK if
we save it.
OK.
Looks nice.
We have Sean Stewart and Stephen on the Sean Simonsen right here.
You know it's kind of a darker night here.
You're not able to see or to see at the time you're going to style it in a minute.
I'm going to say a pea and begin to add the text.
So since we have that information inside of evil again it's an inside a title going to say item that
title you know right here the topic and the title.
So we are getting the data.
So this is working nicely.
It's really really ugly because we need to add our styles to it.
So let's go to the next section and add the styles for the slider.